The Info column does not exists by default (#6697)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/json/index-json-data.md

When you store JSON data in SQL Server, typically you want to filter or sort query results by one or more *properties* of the JSON documents.  

### Example 

> In this example, assume that the AdventureWorks `SalesOrderHeader` table has an `Info` column that contains various information in JSON format about sales orders. For example, it contains information about customer, sales person, shipping and billing addresses, and so forth. You want to use values from the `Info` column to filter sales orders for a customer. By default, the column `Info` used in this document does exists, it can be created with the following code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, assume that the AdventureWorks `SalesOrderHeader` table has an `Info` column that contains various information in JSON format about sales orders. For example, it contains unstructured data about customer, sales person, shipping and billing addresses, and so forth. You could use values from the `Info` column to filter sales orders for a customer. 

By default, the column `Info` used does not exist, it can be created in the `AdventureWorks` database with the following code:

```

```sql  
IF NOT EXISTS(SELECT * FROM sys.columns WHERE object_id = OBJECT_ID('[Sales].[SalesOrderHeader]') AND name = 'Info')
	ALTER TABLE [Sales].[SalesOrderHeader] ADD [Info] NVARCHAR(MAX) NULL
GO

> UPDATE d
>   SET 
>       Info =
> (
>     SELECT concat(p.FirstName, N' ', p.LastName) AS [Customer.Name], 
>            p.BusinessEntityID AS [Customer.ID], 
>            P.[PersonType] AS [Customer.Type], 
>            j.SalesOrderID AS [Order.ID], 
>            j.SalesOrderNumber AS [Order.Number], 
>            j.OrderDate AS [Order.CreationData], 
>            j.TotalDue AS [Order.TotalDue]
>     FROM Sales.SalesOrderHeader j
>          INNER JOIN [Sales].[Customer] c ON c.CustomerID = j.CustomerID
>          INNER JOIN [Person].[Person] p ON p.BusinessEntityID = c.CustomerID
>     WHERE j.SalesOrderID = d.SalesOrderID FOR JSON PATH, WITHOUT_ARRAY_WRAPPER 
> )
> FROM Sales.SalesOrderHeader d; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UPDATE h 
SET [Info] =
(
    SELECT [Customer.Name]	= concat(p.FirstName, N' ', p.LastName), 
           [Customer.ID]	= p.BusinessEntityID, 
           [Customer.Type]	= p.[PersonType], 
           [Order.ID]		= soh.SalesOrderID, 
           [Order.Number]	= soh.SalesOrderNumber, 
           [Order.CreationData] = soh.OrderDate, 
           [Order.TotalDue]	= soh.TotalDue
    FROM [Sales].SalesOrderHeader AS soh
         INNER JOIN [Sales].[Customer] AS c ON c.CustomerID = soh.CustomerID
         INNER JOIN [Person].[Person] AS p ON p.BusinessEntityID = c.CustomerID
    WHERE soh.SalesOrderID = h.SalesOrderID FOR JSON PATH, WITHOUT_ARRAY_WRAPPER 
)
FROM [Sales].SalesOrderHeader AS h; 
```

When you store JSON data in SQL Server, typically you want to filter or sort query results by one or more *properties* of the JSON documents.  

### Example 
In this example, assume that the AdventureWorks `SalesOrderHeader` table has an `Info` column that contains various information in JSON format about sales orders. For example, it contains unstructured data about customer, sales person, shipping and billing addresses, and so forth. You could use values from the `Info` column to filter sales orders for a customer. 

> By default, the column `Info` used does not exist, it can be created in the `AdventureWorks` database with the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the column `Info` used does not exist, it can be created in the `AdventureWorks` database with the following code. Note this does not apply to the AdventureWorksLT series of sample databases.

```
